docs for tabletpicker refactor (#1441)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/17.0/reference/vreplication/vstream.md

[when selecting stream source tablets](../tablet_selection/). When no value is specified the `vtgate` will
default to looking for source tablets within its own local cell.

##### CellPreference

**Type** string\
**Default** ""

> If specified, this determines which cells to give preference to during tablet selection. 

Reviewer: We should add the tablet_selection.md link here too.

> By default, this is `preferlocalwithalias` to give preference to local cell and any alias it belongs to. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `preferlocalwithalias` is used in order to give preference to the caller's local cell and then any alias its cell belongs to. 
```

> If `onlyspecified` is given, then only tablets specified within the `Cells` option will be selected first.

Reviewer: We should remove the trailing `first` here since I don't think there's any subsequent options.

##### TabletOrder

**Type** string\
**Default** ""

> This is to eventually replace the `in_order` hint to specify tablet order during selection. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This replaces the `in_order` hint (e.g. `"in_order:REPLICA,PRIMARY"`) previously used to specify tablet type order [during source tablet selection](../tablet_selection). 
```

I think that's the right link :)
